Yaml config for LOBSTER Json tool (#231)
bmw-software-engineering/lobster: CHANGELOG.md

### 0.11.1-dev

> * `lobster-json` - All the command-line arguments are moved to Yaml based config 
>   file. `--config` and `--out` command-line arguments are still supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `lobster-json` - All command-line arguments except `--config` and `--out`
  are moved to Yaml based config file.
```

### 0.11.1-dev

* `lobster-json` - now all the commandline arguments except `--out` are replaced by 
  Yaml config file which means now only `--out` and `--config` are supported command 
  line arguments.

> 

Reviewer 2: This entry is very confusing.
